docs(sass-variables): add nuxt install content (#12307)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/features/sass-variables.md

## Nuxt install

> This section assumes you have already followed our Nuxt guide on the [Quick start](/getting-started/installation/#nuxt-install) page. The Nuxt Vuetify module exposes an interface to write the configuration. Ensure that you enable the `treeShake` first, this option will use [vuetify-loader](https://github.com/vuetifyjs/vuetify-loader) to enable automatic [treeshaking](/features/treeshaking)(Vuetify SASS variables Only works with treeshaking), enabled only for production by default. Then provide the `customVariables` file path option to custom SASS variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section assumes that you have already followed our Nuxt guide on the [Quick start](/getting-started/installation/#nuxt-install) page. The Nuxt Vuetify module exposes a `vuetify` property where you can configure the module. Ensure that you enable the `treeShake` option first. This option will use [vuetify-loader](https://github.com/vuetifyjs/vuetify-loader) to enable automatic [treeshaking](/features/treeshaking). This is required for custom SASS variables to work. Then provide the `customVariables` file path option to customize SASS variables.
```

```js
// nuxt.config.js

export default {
  vuetify: {
    customVariables: ['~/assets/variables.scss'],
    treeShake: true
  },
}
```

```scss
// assets/variables.scss

// Variables you want to modify
$btn-border-radius: 0px;

> // If you need to extend Vuetify SASS lists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Modifying a SASS map variable
```

$material-light: ( cards: blue );

> @import '~vuetify/src/styles/styles.sass';

Reviewer 2: This import isn't needed

Author: It looks like @vuetify/nuxt docs need to be updated
